we've got the movie together "Scene
and if he feels like me then they appreciate good food
do not like a cook for hours
what if they can make a delicious meal without the oven the majority of them
Microwave and a situation can
and of course without extra fat too good to be true
we will get out of this now
the children it is the same
what is there for dinner they did not have time to prepare something
But also do not want to measure an unhealthy microwave or fast food
They would like to have homemade delicious food but have no time for hours
to stand in the kitchen all this is over now because there is finally
the area calms down to the new kitchens colorful that all theirs
fresh and frozen meals just perfectly cooked up to
three times faster with less fat and sugar with a lot of flavor and no residue
to call for clean the secret of the plateau letter
Suske combination of halogen to air and infrared technology the food
fast and even from the inside out this technology has been in
selected day which already has been used from now on, you too can
At home use this revolutionary method with the bat u11 Tobruk
For example, you can simply use frozen ingredients from the freezer
Get straight to the racket and call back within minutes
they can enjoy a delicious meal i had to think about it
and that means to want to say that in the freezer compartment
so we are overwhelmed to prepare the frozen directly
is rare it is easy
Everything will be alright. "I'm not using fat and the hurricane has been oil
amazing but you do not need it
The hefty price included so you do not need anything else and
s MAK simply wonderful while the Freiburg is so big and versatile
he belongs to the first Superbike Brett deep-fried purchasing power and steams and all
that falls without investor you see 2
the conventional cook they need evil and drives and the
Meals prepare but the fantastic Volker Wolf calls and cooks
Washes whole without oil or grease the circulating air rather ensures that
Fat can hope from and the Rheinhessen much lower calorie and healthier l